you know our next guest as the host of a
chaotic talk show on Adult Swim and he
has a new hidden camera prank movie
called bad trip
[Music]
please say hello to Eric Andre
[Applause]
[Music]
although how long are you hanging from
the roof days like 20 minutes honestly
Tiffany Haddish you of course was your
angry girlfriend or whatever she's the
bad guy your best friend's evil sister
right there woman yes it's an
interesting concept and I'll do my best
to explain it I'll do a bad job of
explaining it but it's funny you
actually came up with a narrative that
way in which this guy played by you is
has got this girl that he loved and he's
just trying to - he has America looking
for the girl of my dreams and in doing
pranks all along in doing so yes you
pull a lot of pranks on a lot of people
and a very very crazy and funny pranks
on a lot of I'm actually patient zero I
gave the coronavirus to the entire great
disease little rel Howery is in this yes
shoot this movie we shot it like gosh I
think we finished shooting a year ago
took a while I was thinking about this
because I you know I know that it took a
while to shoot at the beginning probably
of when you started shooting it Tiffany
Haddish was not very well known and then
she was like a superstar probably by the
end that's why we gave her cornrows and
face tattoos we made her look like post
Malone as best as we could I don't want
to ruin the whole thing but there's a
crazy great scene where runo is
let's make at least I love you see it
but she like escapes from prison truck
yeah yeah there's this poor guy he's
like cleaning graffiti off the side of a
wall yeah she drops out of the bottom of
a prison truck and she's like are there
any cops around whatever and he's like
basically an accomplice to her escape
yeah a cop come warning comes out the
prisoner go he's like it also seemed
like quite a few people got angry at you
during this we had a knife pulled out on
this yeah yeah did you were you prepared
for that no no no we're not look so ever
we did a prank where me and rel put our
penises in a Chinese finger trap
I've done that with him too we all have
and we we went to this like good barber
shop
he bit Lana with our penises in Chinese
finger trap and we went into the barber
shop and we were like excuse me sir do
you have any scissors and we're
stretching back and forth and the barber
was like looking for his gun he grabbed
his knife he chased us out we're like
we're like conjoined at the penis
running out of there
and my crew for my crew I have a safe
word I yell popcorn if stuff goes
sideways I already can jump in but I had
so much adrenaline going I forgot my
sister yelling goosebumps popcorn and
they jumped in front of the guy and then
we're like sir can you sign this release
form yeah does that work he was executed
he was like oh y'all are hilarious the
more violent they are the more relieved
they are that you're not conjoined I've
not to like on crank anchors the people
who get the maddest are the ones who
eagerly say oh yeah okay yeah and I'm on
TV no problem I think they're kind of
embarrassed that they're that mad but or
just really shocked me that they were
wrong yeah yeah it's soccer moms that
don't send they did not just like they
have an internal rage that they're just
like yeah yeah because they you know why
dancing sit there watch soccer for two
hours right that's so I don't know what
you call it but maybe the craziest scene
is you and little rel go to the zoo and
this is a zoo that is it's kind of ratty
trash about they were the only zoo that
let us film this brain that's all you
know about Zoo yes yes this was like
deep Georgia like the Atlanta zoo was
like absolutely not
so we went into deep Georgia we filmed
to the zoo and there was like real
people milling all about they don't know
they're on camera and Mandrell went to
the gorilla enclosure and I broke into
the gorilla enclosure and I'm taking a
selfie with
gorilla and then all of a sudden the
gorillas tackled me ripped my pants off
and put his my B mm-hmm
what can you say on ABC what the Bing I
don't know we're gonna find out if you
can't say it it will have just been
bleep so he had love time with my anus
in front of in front that you know and
got a real people and they were blood
pressure medication the best part is
nobody helped they started filming it on
their iPhones they were like yeah so
people have been doing these videos with
celebrities wear it like you know you're
a huge fan of a celebrity and then the
celebrity like comes out from behind you
and then you get very excited like it's
kind of a thing so you had a nice like
Oprah comes out or somebody like that
right even there's a new car or whatever
she says we got some people and we asked
them if they love Beyonce and we didn't
tell them Beyonce was gonna come out but
I feel like people just expect it now
right and Jimbo Kimball man
[Laughter]
for this announcer
[Applause]
I appreciate that's real nice
so you instead of Beyonce no no don't
worry about it
I like hearing Jimbo Kimball I'm okay
with it well just roll it so come right
this way you're gonna be talking right
to this camera as if that's Beyonce
imagine what you would say to her if you
met her you know like if she walked into
this brutal keep looking forward don't
look behind you okay I just saw it
okay so I'm Nicole and I'm shaking so
much I love you so much Beyonce your
songs and sorry so much and the way you
staying and express yourself through
your songs is you're just such a good
inspiration to me and your songs are so
beautiful and you touched my heart so
much
[Applause]
the one thing that I would say that what
you've done beyond safe for me so
there's me you know an average 11 year
old I was dancing with my mom and
everything and hello no no no no no no
no no no no no no no no no no no holy
are you serious right now
[Applause]
Wow I just want to say Beyonce you are
Miss creepy music video that means that
lemonade is the best but I'm like
lemonade lemonade
who wants lemonade
[Music]
[Applause]
settle my balls hide me on say I'm your
favorite I'm your biggest fan you're
such an inspiration to young women
around the world and we truly appreciate
all that you do you just you know lifts
people up and bring them to a higher
level it's great somebody's behind you
want to see my beehive they're pretty
dangerous
[Music]
that way do you see this crazy movie
it's called bad trip it opens in
theaters April 24th Eric Andre I am
Jimmy Kimmel if you want to see all our
latest videos click the subscribe button
and if you don't click anyway and close
your eyes when they come up